hello youtube this is richard founder of
short-term rental secrets calm and
Airbnb super host you may be wondering
why am i reviewing a suitcase on this
channel well let me explain a couple
things one I love traveling the world
it's one of the reasons that I'm an
Airbnb super host is that I'd love to
explore and check out different things
and go on adventure the same time my
properties via Airbnb and home away are
generating income affording me the
ability to do that the other thing is
I'm a serial entrepreneur and so I love
following innovation and new ideas and
creativity and when I see cool things I
try them and occasionally I'll go ahead
and review them on this channel now it's
important to note I wasn't paid to
promote this I paid full price for this
product just like everyone else
but I think it's pretty cool and I
wanted to share it with you so the
product I want to review is the away
carry-on suitcase so let's start with
the outer shell the luggage is made of
some you know plastic resin that's
completely scratch resistant very
lightweight and it works really well
it's actually a little bit collapsible
it's got some give to it so if you over
stuff it it expands a little bit if
you're stuffing it overhead and it needs
to compress a little bit it actually
does that so it's got some give but it
seems to work and is scratch resistant
the wheels and the handle felt very
different than what I'm used to like the
the older technology on the to me was
much more rigid and firm and it felt
really sort of like strong the handle
has a little bit of give to it a little
bit of play so it feels a little bit
less expensive but I think that's by
design they want it to act like a shock
absorber and same with the wheels the
wheels all turns but it actually rolls
really quite well so the reason that
this suitcase has got a lot of publicity
and has become popular is because it has
a battery built into it just recently I
was coming back from Miami and it
actually saved my butt my phone was dead
Charles was behind the camera his phone
was dead and the two of us like dummy
sat in the terminal charging our phones
trying to get our car and then it just
sort of dawned him is like wait a minute
the suitcase that I have has a charger
built-in and so we literally plugged
into the away suitcase and started
rolling to the curb called our car got
into the car and continued to charge our
phones and all of a sudden let light
bulb went off and I was kind of like gee
this does make some sense and here's one
really cool thing that I haven't seen
any other luggage manufacturer do
they're actually like fit inside one
another so if
get the really big suitcase and you get
the medium-sized suitcase that's meant
to go in there and then you get the
carry-on that's meant to go in there so
it's like stacking so if you are an
Airbnb host and you have limited space
to like store luggage like most of us
it's actually pretty convenient that you
would just store one piece of suitcase
and you have three built in so the
biggest drawback of this suitcase or at
least my first impressions after half a
dozen trips with it is it just kind of
feels inexpensive there's a lot of
wiggle and it's light and you know it's
just different than the suitcases that
I'm used to they say it's all by design
it seems to be working well it's holding
up quite well but my biggest questions
gonna be you know how well does this
things hold up over years of travel
because I've had my to me luggage for
probably since 1998 it's almost 20 years
and this is where it really beats in my
opinion that standard luggage that I've
been using the to me luggage it's less
than half the cost I bought the rollaway
carry-on suitcase for about two hundred
and twenty five dollars and the question
that you may have is like should you buy
it well if you're in the market to
replace yours like yours is on its last
legs try it I think you're gonna like it
and I think it's a very compelling value
but if you don't need a suitcase I
wouldn't run out and get this unless you
think that that built-in charger is
something that you must have it like
you're a road warrior you must have it
alright my youtube friends thanks so
much for dealing with this is my very
first product review and it's actually a
lot harder than it seems so go ahead and
please leave me comments and feedback
and if you liked it like the video if
you haven't subscribed to the YouTube
channel please do so we'd really
appreciate it and likewise if you're not
following us on Instagram check out the
link in the description below and check
us out there we also respond to direct
notes
so thanks so very much and I'm going on
the road again
[Music]